# 14th 10月, 2023
- (5:23午前) Good morning world!

- (7:04午後) What do I want to say?
  - Modern monetary theory is simply a description of how the world works with fiat currency.
  - What is fiat currency? Well a long time ago money was tied to gold. For every dollar issued there had to be an amount of gold that it represented and it could be exchanged for that gold.
  - This tied governement expenditure to how much gold it was able to keep in its reserves
  - The US went on and off the gold standard multiple times until Richard Nixon finally got rid of it once and for all
  - The way the world worked when we had the gold standard and the way the world works today are fundamentally different
    - before spending was tied to gold, now it is untethered
    - the real limitation are the actual resources in the economy; the labour, the raw materials, the land, the infrastructure, the machines, the factories
    - Before if there was an epidemic and the streets were filled with sickness, but the hospitals, doctors, and medical infrastructure to deal with this existed, the government would be powerless to intervene if it lacked the gold reserves to pay the hospital staff
    - with fiat currency a lack of funds can never be a problem as the government can always print more money, that doesn't mean that there are no constraints, it just means that the constraints are the real resources that exist in the economy. It is now no longer possible to have the resources, the expertise, the capacity to address our problems but lack the funds - as if funds were a real thing that existed

     
  - What is the deficit / national debt
    - First of all let's dispel a myth: "The government runs on tax payer's money"
    - It doesn't, at least not on the federal level
    - When the federal government approves it's budget it sends it to the federal reserve
    - the federal reserve mints the money into existence
    - New money for the budget is "printed" so to speak, digitally
    - At the end of the financial year, when you pay your taxes, they do not go to government funding - rather, they are deleted, they are removed from the economy
      - This is the money cycle; government creates money, it changes hands many times with the successive purchases of goods and services and is eventually taxed out of existence
    - the reason for taxes isn't to fund the government, there are a few reasons
      - the main one is that it generates demand for the currency as taxes must be paid in it
      - the second is that it's deflationary, money out of the economy means it cannot be spent on the limited goods and services in that economy
    - back to the deficit: what we call the deficit or the national debt is simply this: The difference between the money that the government brings into the economy through its spending (the money that the government prints is used to pay its employees and pay for all of its projects so the money flows into the rest of the economy), and the money that is taxed out of the economy
    - the difference between the money spent into the economy and the money that is taxed out of the economy
      - This difference is "made up" by the governement by issuing bonds, an extremely low risk asset that pays interest, essentially a savings account with the fed
    - first of all, notice, this is *not* an actual debt. No one owes anything. No one has to pay anyone back.
    - Saying things like "the government needs to keep its house in order" as if the government were analogous to a household budget is wrong.
    - People are worried as if we are leaving future generations left with the problem of having to deal with this debt, but we are simply not. There is no debt.

