# 25日 2月 2024年
- (4:57午前) you can feel the desire to improve your listening, including your pitch accent now
  - maybe some migaku, supernative and kotu next
  - obviously you can do it slow and take breaks
  - maybe you should slowly listen to the latest con teppei for beginner's next
- (5:19午前) Gonna play half earth socialism in Japanese!!!
- (11:54午前) I wanna watch that Rust video about speed


### The Nature of Money
(planning a little, you want to talk about the emptiness of money and what politically follows, you want to introduce mmt, maybe you can also introduce class warfare)




Money is fake news. It's not real. It's just bits of paper, plastic or metal that we use to exchange that which is of real value; all of which comes down to land, labour and the fruits of each. It's not even bits of paper anymore. Only a tiny amount of the money circulating the economy is physical, most of it is just numbers on a screen.

We build systems that make us as individuals depend on these numbers, but never forget, they aren't what really fulfills human need.

We need  

---
Money is not real. This is extremely important. Never forget this.

It's not by the laws of nature that we need money, but our own systems which we have created.

We use these bits of paper, plastic or metal to exhange that which of real value - which always comes down to land, labour and the fruits of each.

Honestly, it's not even physical bits and pieces any more, the vast majority of money in circulation is data on a computer somewhere, numbers on a screen.

It would seem absurd that we readily trade away our time, energy and valuables for this - except that we can trust that there will be others who will do the same.

We don't actually need money though, and it's important to never forget it.

What we need is food, water, shelter, clothing, medicine.

What we need is a secure stream of all of these things that we can access as we need.

We have real material and social needs, however we have a system that makes it practically impossible to meet these need without money.

Our survival is essentially paywalled.

We don't eat, we die. We don't pay, we don't eat.

This is how it works, this is how we depend on money.

---
### But how do we pay for it?
This question is evil.

Thos who raise it are ingenuous.

They are either lying through their teeth, or don't care about whether it is true.


## Quick Links
- [[areas/life_maintenance/scratchpad]]
- [[areas/sashin_exists/scratchpad]]
- [[areas/acquiring_japanese/scratchpad]]
- [[areas/work/scratchpad]]
