# 25日 4月 2024年
- (4:32午前) Good morning
  - would be good to listen to the latest few Nihongo Con Teppei episodes
- (5:57午前) you should think about what you are doing now and then do a now page
- (8:16午前) I can't believe I forgot about ANZAC day, it would have been much better if I didn't
- (10:43午前) things that I want to do
  - japanese, tokyo sonata
  - reading the introduction to archaeology
    - burning question is how we know what we know
      - this will go to the book on history as well as the course I am doing
- (10:44午前) seems your desire to play baba is you has gone down
- (12:26午後) inner war now, either Tokyo sonata or archaeology, or writing, or rewatching the money vid
  - (12:28午後) doing flashcards awakened desire to do japanese
  - (12:28午後) earlier today hearing ammi awakened desire to work through the book
- (12:29午後) roshi likes attention
  - yesterday when I was talking to Chrishane mali she said "don't look at anyone except me"
- (12:30午後) she needs to get vaccinated
- (12:38午後) I'm still hungry
- (12:56午後) you should put your clothes away and vacuum
- (1:59午後) just meditation for almost twenty minutes
  - plan is to read that wikipedia article and then watch/listen to Tokyo Sonata while cleaning my room and putting my clothes away








### The Relation between Wealth and Poverty
Wealth is created through poverty. There's no such thing as money. 

What we call money are just numbers on a screen, or bits of paper or metal.

We have a system that having these tokens, we can command labour.

This labour is what wealth is really made from.

Why do people work for money?

Simple, they don't have a choice.

If they don't they won't be able to buy food, water, shelter and the necessities.

The employer has the tacit threat of homelessness and starvation that they hold over their employees.

This threat wouldn't be real if there was no real homelessness and starvation.

---

In Marxism, there is a concept called "the reserve army of labour".

---

Money isn't real.



 



## Quick Links
- [[areas/life_maintenance/scratchpad]]
- [[areas/sashin_exists/scratchpad]]
- [[areas/acquiring_japanese/scratchpad]]
- [[areas/work/scratchpad]]
