# 11日 4月 2024年
- (4:15午前) there's something that I wanted to do that I forgot
- (4:29午前) you should honestly just start working through the linux system admin stuff now
- (4:46午前) you should really remember disk usage
- (4:54午前) history flipped inside out
- (5:11午前) yeah you should work through the linux course
- (5:15午前) listen to that molly white podcast
- (5:34午前) you might want to learn about the DOM to do this
- (5:39午前) I think you are going to make a rust crate that models the DOM and generates valid xhtml
- (6:06午前) better offline has had so many ads, wild
- (6:26午前) I want to spend some time learning to edit wikipedia
- (6:45午前) thinking about reputation, the twofold problem
- (6:54午前) I think there might be a lot of value in the politics of wikipedia, how does it work?
- (7:51午前) I think that you should make a structure for each type of node (head, body, div, p etc) and have it's allowable children as an option, some nodes don't have children
  - (7:52午前) classes is a whole other thing, isn't it
- (7:57午前) your next website will be all valid xhtml
- (8:18午前) it's all just data
- (8:21午前) read this later https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Dispute_resolution
- (12:58午後) need to think about what information is common to every node, and which information is in specific nodes
  - node should be an enum, if there is common node information it should be a struct, node children should be a in the enum value
- (6:02午後) This xhtml stuff is fun
- (6:22午後) you should make a document type with a title too








### ideas that you had today
- Get back into the LFS Linux Essentials Course
- Learn to edit wikipedia
- Learn about what wikipedia's secret sauce is, why is it so trustworthy? Can we build similar structures elsewhere?
  - and why is it so resistant to the influence of capitalists
  - I find it super interesting that assume good intent is one of the pillars
  - You should look into the conflict resolution process, maybe there's something you can learn about the politics of wikipedia
- you want to create a library in rust for representing xhtml, you want to follow every rule so you can only create valid structures

### About me
I don't really know how to identify people.

What is a person?

What pieces of information are important?

This is hard, so I'll go randomly.

I'm learning Japanese so that I can read One Piece, my goal is to be fluent and able to read comfortably by the time the last chapter of One Piece is released.










 



## Quick Links
- [[areas/life_maintenance/scratchpad]]
- [[areas/sashin_exists/scratchpad]]
- [[areas/acquiring_japanese/scratchpad]]
- [[areas/work/scratchpad]]
