# 9日 4月 2024年
- (4:08午前) Good morning!
- (4:35午前) New Hakim video on why Iran hates the US
- (4:37午前) you should very probably get bitwarden premium
- (5:13午前) I can now feel really bad about how I sound when I try to speak japanese out loud
- (5:33午前) I'm like spending an hour and a half doing flashcards in the morning now
- (7:53午前) you could even do a piece on terms like capitalism
- (9:18午前) I tried writing for a bit this morning and had a bad time
  - (9:21午前) What do I want to tell everyone?
    - I'm reading, working and learning Japanese
- (12:05午後) I don't know what's happening in this game yet, looks like I have borrowed a USB that I have to return?
  - It also looks like I can rewind time
- (1:57午後) looks like you need to slowly get into the habit of writing again
  - (1:57午後) what do I want to tell everyone
- (2:00午後) you should think more about time
  - maybe you should even get timetrack
- (2:21午後) I really want to eat something, the toast wasn't enough
- (3:16午後) let's clean the kitchen while listening to the Dawn of Everything
- (3:16午後) would be nice to finish the first module of the world history course as well today
- (3:25午後) cooking a starchy plant increases the number of calories it holds by turning things (starch?) into edible sugars
- (3:48午後) What do I want to write about?
- (3:56午後) you should use the stories as inspiration
- (4:43午後) thinking about the psychology of the natchez
- (4:52午後) "People have the unfortunate tendency to see the successful prosecution of arbitrary violence as in some sense divine. Or at least identify it with some transcendental power."
- (5:08午後) you need to spend more time thinking out loud in text






### Notes from world history course (3:23午後)
- following in reference to three different skulls that were found
- parahthropicus aethiopicus (2.5 million years ago)
  - they had a different shaped skull implying much stronger muscles for chewing than us
- homo erectus (2 million to 750,000 years ago)
  - they have tools and fire
- homo sapiens (150,000 years ago)




### Now

### Working Part-Time as a web developer
I feel like I've given up on a career that changes the world.

A career is a way of earning money, which means you need to ultimately serve the interests of those that have money.

I don't think lasting, meaningful change can or should be sought through working within the system, as the system is the problem.

It's simply not possible to attack the root of a rotten world while perched on one of its branches.

My new strategy is this: I'll commit to only working part-time and use my free time to write and engage in activities to better understand the world and ultimately improve it.

This year I started work as a web developer, I'm not sure how stable this job is, but at the moment I am able to make ends meet while only working three days.

I want to spend my free time learning about how the world works, reading about history, economics, politics and ultimately getting back to writing more frequently.



### Hello everyone,
How have you all been?

It's been over two years since my last published piece.

The same length of time as the timeskip in One Piece.

Have we all grown stronger?

---

### Now with 100% more communism
It's not a good thing that we're all used to living in a time of unprecedented crisis.

// this sentence below is awkward
I now believe that everything going wrong in the world, from climate change, to poverty and our ever increasing costs of living from the sky all stem from a single culprit.

Capitalism. 

What is capital?

It's wealth that's allocated towards the generation of more wealth.

Thinking out loud, what's wrong with the world
- having to go to work
- not having guaranteed food, water and shelter
- not being able to simply find some land and growing stuff
- not being able to look after ourselves directly










 



## Quick Links
- [[areas/life_maintenance/scratchpad]]
- [[areas/sashin_exists/scratchpad]]
- [[areas/acquiring_japanese/scratchpad]]
- [[areas/work/scratchpad]]
